nice to meet you nice to meet you as
well
what's wrong oh wow the hair thing's
amazing
right right yes yeah yeah i live i have
i i i heard you got a one of those as
well
wait you too wait hold on you also don't
get
i'm glad you got the sound files yeah
yeah
i didn't think they would like be
articulated
oh i'm so sorry you have to deal with
that
oh boy you know that happens often i
guess
eventually it will be fixed kind of guy
hey
right yeah anything but you know if i
did
so uh a hell of your own creation of
sorts
michael reeves let me go back let me go
nice are you on this now always never
not
so how does it feel to be a 12 year old
genius
aren't you in your teens i'm in i'm
old enough to drink i'm old enough to
drink
i'm just awesome i'm just extremely
young
schizophrenia but you know we can work
around
it's okay um the youth serum is is
actually
yeah yeah it's the antioxidants in the
rock
pill called like minoxycycline or
something
extremely nauseous all day every day and
like
seriously you're gonna mix it up oh my
god
uh i i'll call it like two months
probably
though where do you just like do you
just
or something you know um i think yeah
when
oh god okay no no no no no what i mean
is
is that would you like to learn some new
stuff
right if i was a technician which i'm
not
um i would say that she uses unreal
engine
[ __ ] hell is that egg supposed to
break
chad you okay that's okay it's okay it's
okay
yeah the sticky half balls that cost
like
um definitely not from boston dynamics
yeah
and uh toast and pokey and a mix of
sponsorship
um their sdk is actually it's pretty
cool
with the power okay so so the power of
pokeman
creating new things with it with a dog
yes
um would you like to come over to my
i like turtles it's so fun does uh
technician
do the like chat integration stuff as
well
oh my god can we do stuff to i mean not
not
name is
what's your name again yeah michael
michael
nice to see you as well so michael tell
me
um to like have at least the option to
like
really helpfulness i don't know it was
ass
talk about its awning that's what i'm
saying
and it provides smooth transitions
between
the only reason people don't use it is
because
sorry i have to dance on you i'm i'm
sorry
i think i might have just forgotten how
to
it really does it happens the best of us
yeah
the mess that you take meth yeah the
mess
that's the beauty of not having to do
this
and the real people real people real
people
aggressive well i used to have these
oh your voice is back yeah okay okay
okay
okay and then i'm gonna show you on the
screen
you ready yeah yeah let's go here comes
order
one second because i'm because i also
wear
because i'm a game character but if i
was
unreal it's on real right no no this is
oh
if that's part of the calibration
process
um like work and i'll have to have a
portfolio
trying to make stuff reusable and nicely
compartmentalized
the set i'll write my get messages to
myself
fix bug changes it's like it's stupid i
i
when when why she can't find anything
yeah
piss that's one of mine i guess i write
piss
but but honestly the comments are pretty
uh
when i was a nerd programmer i read i
read
if i'm not planning on making it a full
thing
i'll scuff the [ __ ] out of it in like in
python
back in the back when i was started and
man-made
every day was an experimentation so she
never
she just just got it yep yeah i like
that
that stuff to help freaking roomba it
happens
yeah that one's so bad yeah i mean it
doesn't
i does this do you use it to clean your
room
he's got the early onset schizophrenia
too
yeah poor guy it's okay he's scuffed to
hell
it's um the vision stuff i wrote which
isn't
too so it's so very extremely bomb like
um
parent company tried to take all his
money
like man that looks kind of [ __ ]
awesome
never happens do you know who the baby
is
really yeah yeah completely off top that
was
kill it kill that [ __ ] put it down sorry
buddy
we gotta put you down risen from the
ashes
that firework only lasts like two
i bet yeah would you ever be a virtual
character
someone's body yes can you make me a
tony
me knowing that there was a bunch of
setup
bad at setup and stuff so i get fatigued
lazy
was like playing minecraft and some dumb
stuff
yeah when i didn't go back to streaming
soon-ish
i feel like i've been stunted in stuff i
know
um hmm i'm trying to come up with some
ideas
as it was pissed into a toilet to
predict
how would you ever make that a video
ever
i have some listed down you ready okay
you're excited okay wait let me give you
more
what the taste is you when your heart
beats
that's true kind of it's just a face
maker
what about maybe something with
heartbeat
something like this like a giant kuka
robot
that exists for sure not that i would
know
what can you find out if the size of
feet
and penises yeah most people can't do
either
i built like a cup that you piss into
for
a cup that fills with urine as i pee
into
um but i hooked it up to a [ __ ]
database
when i would pee next based on previous
pisses
not that i know but i've heard from
people
learning is actually really easy to
learn
getting anywhere with that goddamn
tutorial
super good at electronics it's also
boring
yeah i wanted to charge i wanted to
charge
a little clotty with the jungle juice
yeah
oh my gosh and baja blast for good
measure
i try to get hit with the diet monster
and
mountain of sugar how are you are you
constantly
i'm so excited about your robot ideas i
just
yeah i could i could see it i want um i
think
learning that uh like you use unreal
right
and i had it on a stream that was just
me
a real-life sim simulation but in real
life
okay so she'll have like mood meters
right
been sleeping and like how much you've
pissed
robotics oh i can help with robotics
stuff
i can do that that i can do i i've kind
of
as long as it's not a real
together and make something
you could do like chat i think you could
do
walking away is the controlled
environment
the beginning guys i actually had no
idea
um the the bits not working in the
beginning
epic idea but you know what keeps on
going
dancing then i can't actually stop
dancing
that's a good thing you're not wearing
it
absolutely suck my neck would probably
then now it's moving back to the
beginning
it's going [ __ ] yeah how's it going with
you
someday maybe i'll make it drill
something
drilling uh
uh what can you drill the wall okay i
need
like little housing for it that's very
quirky
if you get like the little risers from
amazon
that is actually quite nice you know you
know
it happens it happens she does that's
okay
gamer yeah yeah games plus virtual
production
at work but it was just a long time ago
that's
that's familiar that's a fun one i if
you
great bridge between software and
hardware
because it's like you write code onto a
microcontroller
it happens to me i mean not me but
technician
why did technician put these dogs in why
why
pretty basic c code for it and it it can
like
is attached to the piss cup that sends
um
that's like a fun little project you can
do
i want to get into this stuff i don't
know
health i don't have a computer science
degree
oh i got ups did you get on your pants
too
no no no it messed it down it was like
running
so that's good that means it's still
working
doesn't cut out it didn't do anything
bad
and we're good we're good i love i love
it
to the desk where she puts her boba
drinks
weird fiber things that's completely
waterproof
should why aren't clothes made out of
that
maybe i don't know maybe oil would be on
them
be greasy like in your car you know like
hard
[ __ ] that [ __ ] confused [ __ ] that
is
have all the electronics and all the
hardware
extrusion gantry what do you do with all
the
that's amazing i make things on this
wall
have you thought about getting a 3d
printer
those were fun um and then can we see
one
happened to the decks did you give them
away
they were like around the house
ornamental
um
[ __ ] myself if if it broke and i had no
spare
it's very funny wait that houses a robot
dick
um like a block of aluminum i drilled
through
3d modeling does technician do 3d
modeling
yeah but this is with fusion 360 and not
like
one of those things where you the
dartboards
pearl can have her own virtual digital
character
okay put a collar with a tracker and
have
the color tells distance right yeah yeah
so
running if it's in the air if it's
resting
pre-made computer vision models that
detect
likes the color you'd be super jittery
though
flew around the back rigidly that sounds
great